I am here we are here to their just
started to the lag of the United States
of America with liberty and justice for
all
Riley she'll be leading us
I don't think I've ever showed this
before in any of my school vlogs but
during our assembly for school teachers
will acknowledge students from their
class and so when we do in our classroom
our teacher lets us the students do the
acknowledgments and usually we're
playing off of the tropes of like what
the teachers were usually say and it's
all one big joke pretty much but it's a
lot of fun and that's kind of just to
give you a little bit of a preface on
what we say next you know this might be
my last lecture knowledge gained over
being a party animal
my mom was you guys ready to see
[Laughter]
[Applause]
[Music]
wash your hands
do whatever she's doing oh I know but
how are you things are going crazy right
now especially since our school doesn't
really use a lot of technology teachers
are like well I definitely don't feel
bad about taking it's not really taking
off but it's like we don't have to go to
school for a month
so I mean I think yet other schools I
would be really sad for seniors because
they'd be like oh man like we're missing
all this stuff but like us were like
literally all we're missing the schools
right I mean prom yeah but that's not
even like our school doesn't even do
prom yeah I can we go to our churches
probably so we're not what's up YouTube
this is Aidan walking down the hall
right now we're about to hit some ass
Sean just dropped this 70 $80 couch in
here that one thing we're all
high-fiving with our calculators Relic
we just just cost ourselves three to
twenty bucks hey this is my stop bye
guys
I'm sad because I forgot my other
battery at my house so I only have the
battery that's in my camera right now so
it might die at any moment and I'm so
sad because this is an interesting video
like to see what all is going down
before we are quarantined the virus
we got a packet that I'll show you later
from our teacher that teaches litte comp
and economics and then we also got a
packet from our math teacher and we'll
just be doing different assignments it's
pretty much like homeschooling which
I've done before so that's nothing
really new this is crazy this is so
crazy anyway so I'm gonna get some birth
in my brain is like mush though like I
don't know why I think it's just because
it's like right before we're going into
like a break well it's not a break
because we're doing we have like
assignments for every day but like you
know it's like something's happening
soon so I'm like anxious about it or
just like I literally I can't sit still
in focus so I'm gonna try to get some
stuff done but we chassis right it's the
end of the world as we know it Hanna get
over there filling the AMIA know in your
hands I could see the dripping of it a
lot of dripping shiny I'm actually gonna
get thicker weed even his own stay away
from touch me don't touch me
you guys are my the Ebola song
from off the street I know you don't
[Music]
[Laughter]
pretend to throw the Hat no do you know
where all this stuff came from on Holly
here we got a crown here right yeah and
yeah in like November well then we have
this have a suitcase and then we got no
suit then we have like Christmas lights
of course yeah
I'm technical what are you doing what
are you doing you know guys on my
podcast do you guys actually want to
start one yeah Riley is an entrepreneur
so she does all of her business stuff
coming around you she does all her
business stuff I'm now inspired to come
up with a bunch of different random
online stuff you know you should start
just an YouTube channel just to upload
your trailer and then I'll show them
okay yeah I'll do that
okay everything posted on Instagram and
we have some oh yeah so leave your
what's your instagram my instagram is a
RN aya kay it's a our Nayak $20.99 okay
and what are we talking about we're
talking about the greatest cinematic NBA
ever made by man the Christmas snow
globe at Hallmark original if not really
funded by homework but of which each of
us are all actors to do and we're
uploading that soon when I want to
actually figure out how to edit stuff
nice ties and room like you I like it
you grab this and then we just have song
jump everything
[Music]
see what you have
literature my madness oh my chest but I
will send out a text we're not doing a
beauty to get some decent kitchen how do
you actually say Indiana no kiss on the
cheek bye everyone
possibly see you later bye bye hello
people Naina's Rock just kidding Riley
did you want me to okay finally she's so
slow
that seems like a really short day guys
we're not gonna be in school for far
away
[Music]